test/smoke/README.md, before:

# VS Code Smoke Test

### Run

```bash
# Dev
yarn smoketest

# Build
yarn smoketest --build PATH_TO_BUILD
```

### Run for a release

You must always run the smoketest version which matches the release you are testing. So, if you want to run the smoketest for a release build (eg `release/1.22`), you need that version of the smoke tests too:

```bash
git checkout release/1.22
yarn
yarn smoketest --build PATH_TO_RELEASE_BUILD
```

### Debug

- `--verbose` logs all the low level driver calls made to Code;
- `-f PATTERN` filters the tests to be run. You can also use pretty much any mocha argument;
- `--screenshots SCREENSHOT_DIR` captures screenshots when tests fail.

### Develop

Start a watch task in `test/smoke`:

```bash
cd test/smoke
yarn watch
```

## Pitfalls

- Beware of workbench **state**. The tests within a single suite will share the same state.

- Beware of **singletons**. This evil can, and will, manifest itself under the form of FS paths, TCP ports, IPC handles. Whenever writing a test, or setting up more smoke test architecture, make sure it can run simultaneously with any other tests and even itself.	All test suites should be able to run many times in parallel.

- Beware of **focus**. **Never** depend on DOM elements having focus using `.focused` classes or `:focus` pseudo-classes, since they will lose that state as soon as another window appears on top of the running VS Code window. A safe approach which avoids this problem is to use the `waitForActiveElement` API. Many tests use this whenever they need to wait for a specific element to _have focus_.

- Beware of **timing**. You need to read from or write to the DOM... but is it the right time to do that? Can you 100% guarantee that that `input` box will be visible at that point in time? Or are you just hoping that it will be so? Hope is your worst enemy in UI tests. Example: just because you triggered Quick Open with `F1`, it doesn't mean that it's open and you can just start typing; you must first wait for the input element to be in the DOM as well as be the current active element.

- Beware of **waiting**. **Never** wait longer than a couple of seconds for anything, unless it's justified. Think of it as a human using Code. Would a human take 10 minutes to run through the Search viewlet smoke test? Then, the computer should even be faster. **Don't** use `setTimeout` just because. Think about what you should wait for in the DOM to be ready and wait for that instead.

Commit message:

Vscode merge (#4582)
* Merge from vscode 37cb23d3dd4f9433d56d4ba5ea3203580719a0bd

* fix issues with merges

* bump node version in azpipe

* replace license headers

* remove duplicate launch task

* fix build errors

* fix build errors

* fix tslint issues

* working through package and linux build issues

* more work

* wip

* fix packaged builds

* working through linux build errors

* wip

* wip

* wip

* fix mac and linux file limits

* iterate linux pipeline

* disable editor typing

* revert series to parallel

* remove optimize vscode from linux

* fix linting issues

* revert testing change

* add work round for new node

* readd packaging for extensions

* fix issue with angular not resolving decorator dependencies

test/smoke/README.md, after:

# VS Code Smoke Test

Make sure you are on **Node v10.x**.

### Run

```bash
# Dev
yarn smoketest

# Build
yarn smoketest --build PATH_TO_BUILD --stable-build PATH_TO_STABLE_BUILD
```

### Run for a release

You must always run the smoketest version which matches the release you are testing. So, if you want to run the smoketest for a release build (eg `release/1.22`), you need that version of the smoke tests too:

```bash
git checkout release/1.22
yarn
yarn smoketest --build PATH_TO_RELEASE_BUILD --stable-build PATH_TO_STABLE_BUILD
```

### Debug

- `--verbose` logs all the low level driver calls made to Code;
- `-f PATTERN` filters the tests to be run. You can also use pretty much any mocha argument;
- `--screenshots SCREENSHOT_DIR` captures screenshots when tests fail.

### Develop

Start a watch task in `test/smoke`:

```bash
cd test/smoke
yarn watch
```

## Pitfalls

- Beware of workbench **state**. The tests within a single suite will share the same state.

- Beware of **singletons**. This evil can, and will, manifest itself under the form of FS paths, TCP ports, IPC handles. Whenever writing a test, or setting up more smoke test architecture, make sure it can run simultaneously with any other tests and even itself.	All test suites should be able to run many times in parallel.

- Beware of **focus**. **Never** depend on DOM elements having focus using `.focused` classes or `:focus` pseudo-classes, since they will lose that state as soon as another window appears on top of the running VS Code window. A safe approach which avoids this problem is to use the `waitForActiveElement` API. Many tests use this whenever they need to wait for a specific element to _have focus_.

- Beware of **timing**. You need to read from or write to the DOM... but is it the right time to do that? Can you 100% guarantee that that `input` box will be visible at that point in time? Or are you just hoping that it will be so? Hope is your worst enemy in UI tests. Example: just because you triggered Quick Open with `F1`, it doesn't mean that it's open and you can just start typing; you must first wait for the input element to be in the DOM as well as be the current active element.

- Beware of **waiting**. **Never** wait longer than a couple of seconds for anything, unless it's justified. Think of it as a human using Code. Would a human take 10 minutes to run through the Search viewlet smoke test? Then, the computer should even be faster. **Don't** use `setTimeout` just because. Think about what you should wait for in the DOM to be ready and wait for that instead.
